Welcome back in this step we will create a simple Microservice we will call this Microservice has limits.
service there a couple of values which are configurable that we are really interested in.
These are called the maximum value and the minimum value.
What we want to do is initially we want to get these values from application dot properties.
So we'll create a service in this application to retrieve those two values from application dot properties.
Later we would connect this Micro service to a spring cloud config.
Server to retrieve the configured values for now let's focus on what is needed to create this micro.
Service I am at start.spring.io and I'm choosing generate a Maven project Java as the language make sure that you choose
a version of spring boot which is atleast 2.0.0 i would recommend not to use this snapshot.
So 2.0.0 M3.
Or if there is the latest released version of 2.0 you can use that as well.
Typically the group ID we would be using all through the micro.
services part of the course is com in 28 minutes.
Microservices and  Artifact ID is very important.
Typically we don't really care about the artifact ID because they would be one or two projects that
we'd be creating But during this micro.
services part of the course we would be creating n number of projects we'd be creating more than 10
projects.
So what I would recommend you to do is exactly use the artifact id that we have here.
So I would recommend you to use limits hyphen service as the artifact.
Now we can use the dependences would want to develop a simple service in here.
So I would choose starting as web as usual we would choose dev tools.
Dev tools gives us the flexibility of picking up the application changes without needing to restart.
the server we would use actuator Springboot actuator provides main monitoring capabilities around our application.
And the last thing I want to use is call config client so config client spring cloud config client.
This is not going to be used in the initial stages but later once we establish the spring cloud config
server we would use the spring cloud config client to connect to the spring cloud config.
Server we'll talk more about it when we get to the spring cloud config server.
for now we are ready.
The important things for you to focus on spring boot version which is greater than 2.0.0
to do not use a snapshot version.
So 2.0.0 m3 is the latest one I have right now so I'm using that if there really is released version after
this you can use that as well.
The group is com in28minutes microservice.
the artifact Id be used its limits.
hyphen service and we have chosen the dependences of web dev tools actuator and config client.
Now you can go ahead and click generate project.
This would download a zip to your downloas folder what you can do is unzip the zip and put it on
some folder on your hard disk.
I can import the folder as maven project file import existing maven projects you can type in existing here
about existing projects into workspace.
Not that one we have to choose existing Maven projects.
So once you choose the existing Maven projects you get the option to enter a directory from which you
want to import the maven project.
From what I want to do is to import it from the folder where you unzipped your zip files and i unzip my zip file
0 3 microservices limits hyphen service.
This is the folder path.
You can copy and pasted in here or you can use the Browse to browse to that and once you do that you
should see the limits service.
The Pom dot xml for the limits service come up what you can do now is just say finish.
If this is the first time you're using this specific version of spring boot this might take a while.
It is importing the complete project and it would set it up for you.
Once the entire project is set up what you would see are folders like these.
source main Java source main resources source test Java.
What I would do is I would go to source main Java and run the limits servies application.
They don't nothing that is present here right now.
But I just wanted to make sure that I am able to launch this up fine.
I would say limit service application.
Right click run as job application because we have web app dependency on the class but this would lunch up
as an application inside.
the tomcat as you can see lunchers can get on port 8080.
That's cool.
We have now created a simple microservice for the limits.
service in the subsequent steps.
We will Add a couple of services to this limits service  until then.
Bye bye.